Improve docs on env vars (#880)
solidjs/solid-docs: src/routes/configuration/environment-variables.mdx

---

Solid is built on top of [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/), which offers a convenient way to handle environment variables.

## Public Environment Variables

> Public variables are considered safe to expose to the client-side code. These variables are prefixed with `VITE_` and are injected into the client-side code during compilation time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Public variables are considered safe to expose to the client-side code. 
These variables are prefixed with `VITE_` and are injected into the client-side code during compilation time.
```

> In the root directory of the project, create a file called `.env`.
> This file will store environment variables in the `key = value` format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup, create a file called `.env` in the root directory of your project.
This file will store environment variables in the `key = value` format.
```

> If working with TypeScript it is possible to make such variables type-safe and enable your TypeScript Language Service Provider (LSP) to autocomplete them by creating a file called `.env.d.ts` in the root directory of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with TypeScript, you can make environment variables type-safe and enable autocompletion in your TypeScript Language Service (LSP) by creating a `.env.d.ts` file in the root directory of your project.
```

</Callout>
    

> ```jsx

Reviewer: This code block is disjointed now that the text above it has been removed - do we still need it?

}
```

## Private Environment Variables

> These variables should only be accessed in your backend code, and so it's best to not use `VITE_` prefix for them. Instead, use `process.env` to access them. Depending on the [Nitro preset](https://nitro.unjs.io/deploy) chosen, they'll be made available automatically or they will require an external dependency such as [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Private environment variables are only accessible in your backend code.
For these variables, use `process.env` instead of the `VITE_` prefix. 
Depending on the [Nitro preset](https://nitro.unjs.io/deploy) chosen, they will be made available automatically or may require an external dependency such as [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv).
```

```jsx
DB_HOST="somedb://192.110.0"
DB_PASSWORD = super_secret_password_hash
```

> To access them, within your backend code, use `process.env`.
> For an example, check the pseudo-code below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access them, within your backend code, use `process.env`:
```

```jsx
	"use server"

	const client = new DB({
		host: process.env.DB_URL,
		password: process.env.DB_PASSWORD
	});
}
```

> It is also possible to make `process.env` type-safe via the same `.env.d.ts` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to make `process.env` type-safe via the same `.env.d.ts` file:
```
